[Term Entry] Python - NumPy Built in functions: .zeros() (#6944)
Codecademy/docs: content/numpy/concepts/built-in-functions/terms/zeros/zeros.md

---
Title: '.zeros()'
Description: 'creates a new array filled with zeros'
Subjects:

>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Data Science'
>   - 'Data Visualization'
>   - 'Machine Learning'
>   - 'AI'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'AI'
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Data Visualization'
  - 'Machine Learning'
```

Reviewer: should be in alphabetical order

Tags: 

>   - 'Data Structures'
>   - 'Linear Algebra'
>   - 'NumPy'
>   - 'Python'
>   - 'AI'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'AI'
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Linear Algebra'
  - 'NumPy'
  - 'Python'
```

Reviewer: should be in alphabetical order

CatalogContent:

>   - 'Learn-Statistics-with-NumPy'
>   - 'Paths/Analyze-Data-with-Python'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

---
 

> **`.zeros()`** is a NumPy function used to create a new array of a specified shape, filled entirely with zeros. It's often used for initializing arrays before populating them with actual data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`.zeros()`**  is a NumPy function used to create a new array of a specified shape, filled entirely with zeros. It is commonly used to initialize arrays before assigning them meaningful data.
```

Reviewer: reworded for clarity

## Syntax 

> ```python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

Reviewer: syntax should be in pseudo block

numpy.zeros(shape, dtype=float, order='C') 

> 

Reviewer: can you also list the parameters here along with the description. Example:

- `shape`: Defines the dimensions of the new array.

> ## Example

Reviewer: can you give a one line description of the example

import numpy as np

array1 = np.zeros(5)
print(array1)  
Output: [0. 0. 0. 0. 0.]

array2 = np.zeros((3, 2), dtype=int)

> print(array2)

Reviewer: please wrap  the example in ```py``` block

Output:
[[0 0]
[0 0]

> [0 0]]

Reviewer: Please wrap the output in the ```shell``` block

> 

Reviewer: Please add a ## Codebyte Example block as well. Please note that the codebyte example block is not followed by the output block
